docs: Add getting started docs for Ingress (#19760)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/servicemesh/installation.rst

Prerequisites
#############

* Cilium must be configured with ``kubeProxyReplacement`` as partial

>   or strict.

Reviewer: `partial` by itself with no other parameters means no KPR. Is there an additional dependency here?

Author: good point, let me add the link to our Kube proxy replacement docs.

* While Cilium supports kubernetes version v1.16+, only ``ingress.networking.k8s/v1``

>   (available from k8s v1.19+) is not supported.

Reviewer: Is this supposed to say only this resource is _supported_?

```suggestion
* The minimum supported Kubernetes version for Ingress is 1.19.
```

Installation
############

Cilium Ingress Controller can be enabled with helm flag ``ingressController.enabled``
set as true.

.. parsed-literal::

    $ helm upgrade cilium |CHART_RELEASE| \\
        --namespace kube-system \\
        --reuse-values \\
        --set ingressController.enabled=true

> If you only want to use envoy traffic management feature without Ingress support, you can only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you only want to use envoy traffic management feature without Ingress support, you should only
```

enable ``--enable-envoy-config`` flag.

.. parsed-literal::

    $ helm upgrade cilium |CHART_RELEASE| \\
        --namespace kube-system \\
        --reuse-values \\

>         --set extraConfig.enable-envoy-config=true

Reviewer 3: this needs to be `--set-string`, otherwise the generated template will fail.
